The time just with the investigators are taking a few days' rest and finding future activities
with the committee.
Is it true Senator, that you were there?
I've been in the house for a few days before I wasn't making full, and I think I know
what you were.
I wouldn't call the rest, I was clear.
We were working on...
No, the committee goes over the weekend.
And what is fair to say?
I...
I might say that Irencies a little.
Two.
More than we'll take a bosn.
I've just been from what you have told me, that is fair to say.
That your relationship with David Chine developed reasonably rapidly into at least an
noticeably close social relationship with his family.
Is that right?
I had a very little social contact with his family.
What?
I...
The way it is, I think he was a very valuable man.
I'm not discussing that, Senator.
I only know that what extent you became a social guest and presenter.
What do you think you're trying to find?
Practically not at all.
I may have said that I hadn't...
Practically no social activity since we got in this investigation.
Well, then if you have any family days where you left this...
Their home, that late...
How long has it been?
I don't see...
I think I'm in a Saturday.
I might have been fighting with them Saturday.
I left to make a speech.
If I was in Syria...
In Syria, at the end of the day.
And on September 16th, we know he was born a night at the Shrine of Fire, but do we not?
I don't think I was a mere part from that night.
I don't expect the...
The use of the night of the 15th, then, sir.
I don't know.
I have breakfast, I know, in the morning at a 16th, yes.
I have to spend the night before at the Shrine of Fire.
I might well have been a...
My cousin told us no.
And you were there at the dinner party on October 13th, weren't you?
The party.
And you were there at the dinner party on October 13th.
No, no, no, no, sir.
But they're not at dinner party.
In the hall door, but not in the other party.
On the night of October 13th, it's what you were again.
There was a dinner party.
It was not the party of the Shrine.
Chairman, at this point, I might make a short point of personal privilege.
I did not see fit the interrupt, Mr. Stevens,
or only his testimony when he gave it.
He said that on the night of October 13th, he attended a dinner party,
given by Mr. and Mrs. Shrine,
whose parents met Senator McCarthy was present and some other people.
That was not true.
Mr. and Mrs. Shrine did not give it in a party.
They were not there.
They were not present.
As far as I know, they weren't even in New York.
Senator McCarthy had just returned from his honeymoon in higher range.
They get together with some of his good friends for him.
I think it was the first day he had returned.
I had Senator and Mrs. McCarthy and Mrs. McCarthy's mother
and a few of our mutual personal friends.
The Senator asked that he could bring Mr. Stevens along and be dead.
I think Mr. Stevens had called the Senator in Wisconsin over the weekend
and asked the Senator to be his guest at dinner that same night.
The conflict and engagement developed.
The Senator asked that he could bring Mr. Stevens along.
I was very happy to have Mr. Stevens come along on that occasion.
Mr. Shrine did not give the party.
They were not present at the party.
Mr. Stevens was in error when he testified here.
Yes, sir.
The amount of television that worked is bringing to your children's facilities.
In any event, I think it's quite clear that on the night of September 16th,
you were at the Shrine of Pipe and that Mr. Stevens was invited to come there the next morning.
On the night of 15th and on the morning of the 16th.
I'm sorry, first day of that matter, frankly.
I can't recall what this is.
Did you earn that occasion and the bad address discussed with Secretary Stevens
a possible commission for G. David Shrine?
Yes.
And did you refer to that discussion in a telegram of March 12th, 1954,
with two censors, Mr. Stevens?
You left the show with a letter of applause.
I have it here and I assume you have a copy.
I don't have any copy here.
It can be handed to you and either you may look at it and you may read it if you wish into the records.
Yes.
This is a, frankly, an actor, the top user of the wire I sent.
Would you like to be read it in the record?
You may read it if you'd like.
I wanted it in the record.
Secretary of the Army, Stevens, in view of news stories this morning,
regards Colin Shrine, I would appreciate if you would make it clear to the class
that the only time you and I ever discussed the subject of a commission for David Shrine
was in his presence at Putz-Mammer Earth and you fully agreed that his case
had to be treated the same as the case of any other draftee and that we agreed
that any other handling of the case in view of the investigation of the Army
would be extremely bad for the committee and the Army and that David Shrine was present
and fully agreed with us in this matter signed Joe McCartney.
They had to tell a grand back now because I'll be wanting to look at it.
So you're mine back to the moment to that weekend if it was a weekend
when you were at the Shrine home on Lake Corova.
Is it not a fact, Senator, that within the very few days after that visit on your part
you were busy with dental reaper in an effort to procure information for David Shrine?
No. Well, it's what time did you begin to have some contact with dental reaper in respect
to a week of mission for David Shrine?
If I couldn't give you the big reaper, it's hard to find the big deal with the office.
I don't recall the big deal.
No, it was early in July, do we not?
No, it's a big deal.
Do you want to have the accident on some?
I'm sorry.
July the eighth, right.
And it remains, too, whether it is significant or not,
that on June 22nd you were a guest in your family's home.
I couldn't give you the date. I told you I was a guest.
I only go over to home.
I can't give you any specific date as of now.
I told you this in your testimony.
That the one thing you did about Dave Shrine, which might not have been fair to him,
was to lean over backwards in respect to his having aching aching or any special favor.
That's incorrect.
Would you tell us what is correct?
I told you that I was Bob Stevens.
I told you, over backwards, and handling the shine takes us well.
You wish yourself to lean over backwards, too, or not?
I told you, Mr. Wells, I told Bob Stevens, lean over backwards.
By a final concern, I did nothing before curing a commission for Dave Shrine,
except to have a liaison officer explain to him how he would file an application.
Ask a liaison officer whether or not he would be entitled an application.
He said, yes.
Well, I think I am pleased that you also produced yesterday.
But you started my signature on his application.
I think it has been cleared up, but it is incorrect.
I signed the lawyer of the...
I signed as a witness in the lawyer of the orchestra.
Well, that's on the occasion of September 16th,
that you told Secretary Stevens that he should lean over backwards.
It was only morning with breakfast and the Shrine of Park,
when I believe it was April 16th, on the right of the state.
Did it not seem to you, Senator, that it was equally important for you to lean over backwards?
I took no part whatsoever in the obtaining of any commission,
so I didn't have to do any leanings at all.
Well, had you taken any part?
You were the wish to lean over backwards, just as you wished.
I seconded it. I took no part.
No, but had you taken any part,
but where do we found you did anything about it?
I just told you that I took no part by any commission.
But why is it your personal desire to lean over backwards?
Well, if I want to continue the sewing or ring we can,
I told you I took no part.
I told you exactly what it is in regards to Dave Shrine.
Was it yours for you to say now, if I did take a part, what would I have done?
Was it your personal desire to do so?
Should it appear to lean over backwards about Dave and Shrine?
It was a time to decide which answer the question.
We answered like a few parts, depending on your commission for Shrine.
Wait.
Tell us, Senator Shrine.
Before the next question, you ask much for turn to ask.
Could you help me?
Senator, I was right, I was very cruel.
If we may, I'll get back to the document and tell you a few things my paragraph was to ask you about.
I'll read some very little, dry lots of well on them until we get those.
The beginning of the page of your review.
I hate loving it, this memory of how they have,
a paragraph 19.
We went to the States after mid-September when the chairman directed open hearings
on the Communist-Win Police Station in the Army.
Mr. Stone, whose main John G. Adams to the post-Evarmate council
for the considerable purpose of who handling the committee,
and for saving it, the sea ships and the investigation of Communist-Win Police in the Army.
I'm sure you believed that to be true at that time,
and at the time that statement was filed.
And when I tell your attention to number 23,
the next page, and I read it as follows,
as a part of the attempt to halt the committee's investigation of Communist-Infiltration in the Army,
Mr. Adams, frequently and Mr. Stevens, on two occasions,
offered up the major draft portion of the fence establishment proper
as substance-fifth targets as follows and then you support in some five or six.
In some eight other paragraphs, I believe,
specific instances in which this attempt was made,
are both true and correct, Senator.
Two leave of us, the one who was here a minute late,
Mr. McComb, that November six meeting is one that I have personal knowledge of.
You do have personal knowledge, yes, that is true, yes sir.
Number 32, from 1912 through January 1954,
Mr. Adams sought on numerous occasions to secure from the German and subcommittee staff,
a promise of silence that he and Mr. Stevens spoke, both unfolds, general law,
commanding general of both members and relieving of this command.
Is that one also true within your personal knowledge of what it's true?
When I call your attention to number 46,
from my reading, the pattern followed by Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams is clear.
As long as only individual communists were objects of the subcommittee's investigation,
they made continuing offers of cooperation with the investigation.
I think this one is pretty significant, Senator.
Next, Senator Lee, but as soon as the vote turns to the implements laid,
more important questions,
or who was responsible for protecting communist infiltration
and protecting communists who had infiltrated,
or reconceivable obstacle was placed in the path of the committee's search for the truth.
The correct, is that statement true, some little truth.
Now let me ask you Senator, one or two more questions, I think I shall ask including.
As I recall, you testified in your direct examination possible,
or somewhere in the course of your examination,
by the charges issued by Mr. Stevens.
If, please, I guess Mr. Cohn and Mr. Shine, the particular image of Cohn,
for its damage, they have to spare application.
Is that correct? New person of them.
One Senator, if the charge is you have made against Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams,
and the charge is part two,
two days non-also damage, where applications are.
It's a certain word in him, stir-up position, I assume.
All I'm doing here is, I understand, but Senator, yes, what I'm doing.
Yes, I assume that they've proved here that they have been trying to call off these hearings,
won't help the reputation of Mr. Stevens or his madam.
Senator, Senator, you are referred to the charges of the chronological statement of events,
as well as the, if we may term them that, the formal charges filed by the committee,
by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams of those representatives,
as if they're through being smeared, in fact, in the arms, who are not through their smeared.
And if the charge is, if those charges are on the tools, then they have,
and would be calculated certainly to damage the character.
No question about that.
And I think that's also the best part,
very good, that's a, Senator McCormick.
And if the charges, if those charges are on tools, then they have,
and would be calculated certainly to damage the character.
No, no, you speak of it.
No question about that.
Well, I think that's Senator McCormick's effect, that originally there was no,
there were no charges against us to, uh, uh, charge,
give us a draw drag into the last minute.
Charges made against him, but no evidence has been addressed to, uh,
substantiated those charges.
Well, yes, sir.
One son of a, four-three charges made by you against Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams,
were there unprovenly with these smears and calculated the damage character too within us.
If they run through, then there was, there was very, very improper things of issues in them that they are true.
Here, I'm saying you've done something that we're not arguing that now,
but they were constitute smears with the damage character.
If they run through, yes.
But actually, now then, Senator, can you reconcile for me something that I can't understand?
How you could make these charges which are serious to me and I am for them and I make sure I'm not responsible for it.
And then reconcile them with your testimony that Mr. Stevens is a man of honor and integrity.
I said that I knew nothing discernible about Stevens actions except in regard to the first case and regard to these charges.
Well, do you now decide that his charges will get respect for his honest?
The charges are just honest, but if we make it again clear, Senator, and I have repeated this so often,
I don't like to bore our audience with them.
But Mr. Stevens, you'll find, from one of her calls, protested again and again.
So he was willing to testify.
He testified that, rather than the one of her calls, you'll find that he said in a fact that there were just really nothing to these charges.
Now, the thing that remains secret is who introduced Stevens in the three days of his reign.
The wish of the charge is overdid.
Overdid, I think, is the honest me on word.
Well, don't you think, like I said, he's in the honor of me and the responsibility.
He's the man, whether he's cute, influenced, well naive, or whatever he is, he's the man responsible.
Well, the man assigned the charges of Mr. Welts, who gave Mr. Welts the most well-known line,
the chronological statement of events.
Mr. Welts, what was that, was the issue before and the formal charges simply re-88 and such when so.
That's not right. You'll find a great variance.
Number one, the chronological statement of events were all on the sign, I believe.
We find that they were prepared, cutting material, testimony and conjunction with four or five members of the press.
To put it mildly, it certainly hasn't been a sweat of it.
I would have.
Friendly for exposure, coming in.
I would have both the thought they had.
Including what a man was honest, what a man was integrity, who had the issue,
was chronological statement of the books against me, where they were not told.
Mr. Welts, let me say, I think that the charges made were extremely dissonance.
Sure, yes.
Now, we know that Mr. Welts signed them as a lawyer, I assume, that he nearly got information,
relied upon it information, and did not think of any of these charges himself.
That's what lawyer does.
Now, who gave him the information?
Who was responsible for this document?
I don't know, I tried to get that from Bob Stevens, I don't know, I've got a bad tone, I've got a bad tone.
I've got a bad tone, I've got a bad tone, I've got a bad tone, I've got a bad tone, I've got a bad tone.
I tried to get that from Bob Stevens, you recall, first he said, I did not put out the charges,
but I had nothing to do with it in the fight.
Many writers said, yes, I have put them out, and still later he said, no, I did not.
And you were three with me, though, I don't know at this point.
You were three with me that he must take the responsibility of man in his position,
and having the responsibility that he must accept the purpose of these hearings.
Yes, in the turn of command, here's the man who is responsible.
Here's the man who has the responsibility.
He has the responsibility, but I don't want to try to tell you that I said, Bob Stevens.
That's what I knew, I don't know.
So, just for this statement, if the gentleman I'll think I can conclude,
I ask you these questions, they call.
I have been trying to understand how we could regard a man as honest and a man of integrity
that would deliberately and willfully issue a thought document like this,
a follow-up of the dance, and then follow-up of these charges before committed like this,
and then still be a little charge of one who's got the offer of him.
There's a man of honor and integrity.
Did I say that?
And that he's finally stopped the investigation of coming,
it's actually his patriotism so far, Bob, I'm sorry.
You can actually send her an answer to that.
That the filing of the false fraudulent charges are a complete contradiction of all I know about Bob Stevens.
In all of our contacts, up until the time these charges were filed, there was liquor case,
I could find nothing of these conducts that indicate the use of paper man with filed these false charges.
But that means that I can't reconcile.
I can't reconcile the man Stevens that I knew and worked with with an individual throughout these charges.
Up at most points when I say we're still in the dark,
who it was who dreamed of this most dishonest, this most fraudulent attack which has not been proven so far.
I don't think it was Bob Stevens.
Before filing our contradiction, the charges agreed to recognize
Senator Simon gives the purposes of correcting his statement, he's very amazing, he's sure to...
Thank you, Senator.
The official correction.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'd like you now to prove the claim that may I say.
What is there in it for us, the black communism?
What I would meant to say, of course, what is there in it for us, the black investigation of communism?
I'll ask unanimous approval of the committee.
That's right.
I'd like to raise the point of personal privilege for Mr. Welch, if I may.
It's now 1230.
We normally, during the 1230,
and I think Mr. Welch and Ryan White prefer having a recess, right?
It was...it was seen so well.
It was seen so, Mr. Chairman, that is...
I think it would be...
Well, it would be better run out of a cheapest for 1130.
Detained a lesser than today.
For me, I'll make a parliamentary inquiry.
In support, I know my colleagues, Mr. Edward Worshack and Mr. Potter, have no further questions.
I have no further questions particularly.
I wonder therefore if the chair cared to run through,
depending on how long it would take Mr. Welch to complete his examination?
I think it's quite clear both to the senator and to me that it would be sensible to have our regular adjournment.
I...
The challenge of closing the questioning is, finally, it's maybe when we resume.
And, just being here, he's doing a conclusion this day.
The chair will usually be unfair to Mr. Welch to put him under the pressure of the lunch hour.
And I'll turn it too much to Worshack and committee members.
Because more time is morning than he anticipated, I'm sure.
And I think it might be appropriate if he were to make the customary recess and reconvene into it.
So, please, please, please, please, please.
Well, I'll explain it.